rework metadata and forward secrecy FAQ entries (#1151)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/help.md

### How does Delta Chat protect metadata in messages? {#message-metadata}

Unlike most other messengers, 
Delta Chat apps do not store any metadata about contacts or groups on servers, also not in encrypted form. 
Instead, all group metadata is end-to-end encrypted 

> [using a simulation-tested Peer-to-Peer group membership model](https://github.com/chatmail/models/tree/main/group-membership#readme). 

Author: removed it.

E-mail Servers can therefore only see

- the message date, 

- sender and receiver addresses 

- and message size. 

All other message, contact and group metadata resides in the end-to-end encrypted part of messages. 

### How to protect metadata and contacts when a device is seized? {#device-seizure}

Both for protecting against metadata-collecting e-mail servers 
as well as against the threat of device seizure
we recommend to use a [chatmail relay](https://chatmail.at/relays)
to create temporary chat profiles through QR-code scans.
Note that Delta Chat apps on all platforms support multiple profiles
so you can easily use situation-specific profiles next to your "main" profile
with the knowledge that all their data, along with all metadata, will be deleted.
Moreover, if a device is seized then chat contacts using short-lived profiles
can not be identified easily. 

### Does Delta Chat support "Sealed Sender"? {#sealedsender}

No, not yet. 

> The Signal messenger introduced ["Sealed Sender" in 2020](https://signalapp.home.blog/2020/03/05/what-is-signals-sealed-sender-and-how-it-works/)

Author: fixed

to keep their server infrastructure ignorant of who is sending a message to a set of recipients. 
It is particularly important because the Signal server knows the mobile number of each account,

> which is most of the time associated with passport identities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which is usually associated with a passport identity.
```

Even if [chatmail relays](https://chatmail.at/relays) 

> do not ask any private data, including no phone numbers, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
do not ask for any private data (including no phone numbers), 
```

it's still worthwhile to protect relational metadata between addresses. 

> We tentatively designed a "Sealed Sender" scheme that withstood initial scrutiny 

Author: reworded and de-emphasized, not fully promiosed anymore

from cryptographers and 
is waiting for [chatmail](https://chatmail.at) implementation 
after which all [chatmail clients](https://chatmail.at/clients) 
will grow "Sealed Sender" support without any change in client code. 

### Does Delta Chat support Perfect Forward Secrecy? {#pfs}

No, not yet. 

Delta Chat today doesn't support Perfect Forward Secrecy (PFS).
This means that if your private decryption key is leaked,
and someone has collected your prior in-transit messages,
they will be able to decrypt and read them using the leaked decryption key.
Note that Forward Secrecy only increases security if you delete messages. 
Otherwise, someone obtaining your decryption keys
is typically also able to get all your non-deleted messages
and doesn't even need to decrypt any previously collected messages. 

We tentatively designed a Forward Secrecy scheme that withstood 
initial scrutiny from several cryptographers and usable security experts. 
Our tentative scheme is designed to reliably work in federated messaging networks and with multi-device usage. 
However, a [chatmail core](https://github.com/chatmail/core) implementation has not been scheduled yet,

> which would make Forward Secret messaging immediately available in all [chatmail clients](https://chatmail.at/clients). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but once implemented, Forward Secret messaging would be immediately available in all [chatmail clients](https://chatmail.at/clients). 
```

### Does Delta Chat support Post-Quantum-Cryptography? {#pqc}

No, not yet. 

> Delta Chat uses the [Open rPGP Rust library](https://github.com/rpg/rpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delta Chat uses the Rust OpenPGP library [rPGP](https://github.com/rpg/rpg)
```

which supports the latest [IETF Post-Quantum-Cryptography OpenPGP draft](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-ietf-openpgp-pqc-10.html). 

> We aim to add PQC support in [chatmail core](https://github.com/chatmail/core) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We aim to add PQC support in [chatmail core](https://github.com/chatmail/core)  after the draft is finalized at the IETF
```

> in collaboration with Proton Mail and other OpenPGP implementors. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in collaboration with other OpenPGP implementers. 
```
